[exporter/awss3] add marsheler config to pick only body content of logs (#30318)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/awss3exporter/README.md

- `otlp_json` (default): the [OpenTelemetry Protocol format](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto), represented as json.
- `sumo_ic`: the [Sumo Logic Installed Collector Archive format](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/data-archiving/archive/).
  **This format is supported only for logs.**

> - `body_log`: In case you only want to wrap logs body for simple to use Athena query.

Reviewer: Is Athena the only use case?

Author: No, it's not the only case. There are numerous use cases where focusing solely on the body content can be beneficial:
- This approach helps minimize the transformation cost from JSON to aggregated relational data, facilitating the creation of dashboards. 
- when combined with a body-filtering processor, it becomes conducive to archiving data for long-term use. 
- By using logs as measure data, this strategy also contributes to a reduction in the main system database write I/O.

BTW: I updated the document to make it more general.

> - `body_log`: If you specifically intended to export only the body of logs and ignore other labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `body_log`: export the log body as string
```
Can we change from `body_log` to `body`?

Author: Yes, I can. It's changed to "body" in the latest commit.
